<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1>For Team Leaders</h1><h3>What should I expect (as a Leader)?</h3><p>As a leader, you should expect to receive clear, actionable feedback and opportunities for your team member, approximately&nbsp;<strong>2 weeks</strong>&nbsp;after the panel interview with your candidate. If the candidate is <ac:structured-macro ac:name="status" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="4a8ea2dc-3bc2-49ba-b9a7-f4e5cc9a9ba7"><ac:parameter ac:name="colour">Yellow</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name="title">on the cusp</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name=""></ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro>&nbsp;or <ac:structured-macro ac:name="status" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="4cdccfbd-6f9b-4da6-aaab-68e767766efb"><ac:parameter ac:name="colour">Green</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name="title">ready</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name=""></ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro>&nbsp;- they will be assigned a MAP mentor, who will be helping them transition into their new role.</p><p>In the event that your team member isn't quite ready, we will review the interview findings with you first, then we'll review with the team member and you as well. We expect that you'll also be going over the opportunities identified with your team member during your scheduled 1:1s, and enact a plan to help them further grow and advance their skills to become an architect&nbsp;or engineering expert in the future.</p><p>Since your team member has a mentor assigned, you may want to reach out periodically to their mentor, requesting status updates on the team member's progress. You may also request of the mentor to provide you with regularly scheduled updates on the candidate's progress as well. This will help you to better plan for the next steps (succession planning, reporting changes, etc.).&nbsp;</p><p>You may also want to ask your candidate to create DRIVE Goals, to help you track progress towards any identified opportunities that they should improve upon.</p><p>If your team member is determined to be <ac:structured-macro ac:name="status" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="512b326e-2b51-4340-99aa-424d5f57a73f"><ac:parameter ac:name="colour">Green</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name="title">ready</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name=""></ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro>, then they are ready for you to talk with them about transitioning into their new role!</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>As a leader, you'll need to now consider putting into motion to help ease the transition into the architect role:</p><ul><li><strong>Communication of the Process/Expectations:</strong>&nbsp;Talk to your team member about the expectations and events that need to happen in order to transition into the new role</li><li><strong>Transition Plan:</strong>&nbsp;Collaboratively create and document, with expected timelines of events, the transition&nbsp;plan</li><li><strong>Succession Planning:</strong>&nbsp;Begin transitioning work/responsibilities to other team members, and&nbsp;opening new positions to&nbsp;back-fill the role, etc.</li><li><strong>Reporting Structure:</strong>&nbsp;Potentially change the team member's reporting structure<ul><li><em>If applicable: Architects and principals should typically report to platform Directors, VPs, etc.</em><br><br></li></ul></li></ul><h3>What should I&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);">NOT</span>&nbsp;expect (as a Leader)?</h3><p>While MAP will give you their feedback for a candidate, we cannot give a team member a promotion nor move them to another team (such as the EA or SA teams). &nbsp;</p><p>We can only provide feedback, opportunities, and our sense of whether the team member is ready for the responsibilities of being an architect or engineering expert. &nbsp;</p><p>You should be setting clear expectations with your team member, before entering the MAP process, around what it will take to get the title of architect or principal.</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1>For Team Members</h1><h3>What should I expect (as a Team Member)?</h3><p>Here are a few things you can expect as a result of the interview process:</p><ul><li><strong>A Chat:</strong>&nbsp;Within approximately&nbsp;<strong>3 weeks</strong>&nbsp;from the panel interview, clear, gump, actionable feedback, and opportunities on your preparedness in becoming an architect&nbsp;or principal engineer will be provided to you (see&nbsp;<u><em>Interview Feedback &amp; Format</em></u>&nbsp;section above).&nbsp;We'll sit down with you and your leader to go over the feedback results and answer any questions you might have</li><li><strong>A Mentor:</strong>&nbsp;A MAP mentor will work with you on your opportunities and your transition into the new role. Typically we pair you up with someone who is strong in the areas where you have opportunities, and vice versa. We're all here to learn and grow after all, especially from one another!</li><li><strong>Some Goals/Opportunities:</strong>&nbsp;You may want to consider adding DRIVE Goals to help you track progress towards any identified opportunities that you'd like to improve upon</li><li><strong>A Plan:</strong>&nbsp;Work with your leader to create and document, with expected timelines of events, your transition&nbsp;plan into the new role</li><li><strong>**&nbsp;<em>Potentially</em>&nbsp;a new Reporting Structure/Leader:</strong>&nbsp;Architects and principals should typically report to platform Directors, VPs, etc.</li><li><strong>Architectural Community and MAP Drivers:</strong>&nbsp;You should already be an active participant within the <a href="https://confluence/display/IC/Architecture+Community">Architectural Community</a>; however, once you've achieved your new role, you will also now be a part of another community of peers, the <a href="https://confluence/display/MAP/MAP+Drivers+Team+Space">MAP Drivers</a>.</li></ul><h3>What should I&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);">NOT</span>&nbsp;expect (as a Team Member)?</h3><p>MAP is here to help you grow and learn as a team member, and set reasonable expectations about what it means to be an architect or engineering expert at QL.</p><p><strong>What we are&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);">not</span>&nbsp;here to do, however, is to give you a promotion or move you to another team.</strong></p><p>Only your team leader can offer you the new role, and you should be having a conversation about possible next steps with them, before entering the MAP process.</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>