<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>In an effort to have a&nbsp;<em>somewhat</em><em>&nbsp;</em>formalized mentoring process, here are some general guidelines for how we approach MAP mentorship - specific mentoring plans will be developed for each path, and further customized to the team member.</p><p><ac:structured-macro ac:name="toc" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="e4bae020-74c7-42d0-aa3a-8f4c48d4ef89"><ac:parameter ac:name="maxLevel">2</ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro></p><p>We suggest keeping the <strong>Action Plan</strong>&nbsp;within Confluence up to date - and locking down Edit Permissions to three people only: team member, team leader, and mentor.</p><h1>Actionable, Time-Bound Tasks, and Deliverables</h1><p>A&nbsp;<strong>team member</strong>&nbsp;should:</p><ul><li>Review the completed TRAC assessments (self, leader, and peers)</li><li>Review the completed Interview Feedback and Opportunities with your mentor</li><li>If a candidate is &quot;On The Cusp&quot; : Create an Action Plan, based on the identified opportunities</li></ul><p>As a <strong>mentor</strong> you should be:</p><ul><li>Review the completed TRAC assessments (self, leader, and peers)<ul><li>Clarifying all assessment extremes: 0s or 3s&nbsp;in the candidate's TRAC self assessment. <em><strong>Note</strong>: This is <u>not</u>&nbsp;as a challenge of validity or accuracy, merely have a conversation as to why these extremes exist</em></li></ul></li><li>Discussing where the TRAC self assessment differs from others' TRAC assessments (Example: Comparing against team leader / peers)</li><li>Review the completed Interview Feedback and Opportunities with your mentee</li><li>If a candidate is &quot;On The Cusp&quot; : Create an Action Plan, based on the identified opportunities<ul><li>Focusing on areas where the team member needs the most growth to achieve their goals</li></ul></li><li>Coach based on content provided from Start/Stop/Continue</li></ul><h1>Mentoring Goals</h1><ac:structured-macro ac:name="info" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="67c7e348-71dc-45ee-befa-0157d3e9e401"><ac:rich-text-body><p><span>The Team Member should have some defined goals coming into the mentorship.</span></p></ac:rich-text-body></ac:structured-macro><ac:structured-macro ac:name="info" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="e5c471b4-777a-4707-b412-ce851f445c5d"><ac:rich-text-body><p>A successful mentorship is dependent on <em>clearly defined</em> goals that align with the intentions of the Team Member. Clearly defining the goals at the beginning will help everyone work in the same direction.</p></ac:rich-text-body></ac:structured-macro><p>For example, if the Team Member's goal is career advancement - a promotion to a new role - and their needed growth, for the &quot;promotion&quot;, is in the same area as their desired growth, then the goals match. However, if the needed growth and desired growth are out of line, then some discussion is necessary to bring things into line.</p><h1>Regular Check-Ins</h1><h2>Mentoring Sessions</h2><p>The team member and mentor should establish a regular cadence of coming together and talking about what progress has been made towards the goals (and dates) defined. Special attention should be paid to highlighting specific examples/portfolio items that the team member can share, where they we making an effort to grow towards the goals defined.</p><h2>Leadership Check-points</h2><p>If a candidate has not been granted the new role as of yet, their team leader should be kept updated on regular intervals, on the progress made by the team member into the new role. These updates should be approximately every 30 days, in order to help the leader understand the progress being made, how much time may be left in the assessment, and when to start succession planning to back fill the candidate's current role.</p><p>Note: If a team member has already become an architect or principal, these check-point meetings are not necessary, (gump: there is no need to update the mentee's leader on progress being made).</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="two_equal"><ac:layout-cell><h1>Additional Mentoring Programs/Resources:</h1><ul><li><ac:link><ri:page ri:space-key="QAPOW" ri:content-title="Mentoring Program"></ri:page><ac:plain-text-link-body><![CDATA[QAPOW Mentoring Program]]></ac:plain-text-link-body></ac:link></li><li><a href="http://journey/mentoring/">The Journey: Red Door Project</a></li><li><ac:link><ri:space ri:space-key="CGL"></ri:space></ac:link></li><li><a href="http://journey/the-will-project/">The Will Project (Women Igniting Lasting Legacies)</a></li></ul></ac:layout-cell><ac:layout-cell><h1>Mentoring &quot;Must-Watch&quot; Video Resources:</h1><ul><li class="p1"><span class="s1"><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaEqRFe1jsg&amp;t=344s">Leslie Stein, &ldquo;The Inner Journey to Leadership&rdquo;</a></span></li><li class="p1"><span class="s1"><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVp9Z5k0dEE">The Royal Society, &ldquo;Understanding Unconscious Bias&rdquo;</a></span></li><li class="p1"><span class="s1"><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDd3bzA7450">Fusion, &ldquo;How Microaggressions are like Mosquito Bites&rdquo;</a></span></li><li class="p1"><span class="s1"><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fviFNrWKzZ8&amp;t=1s">Mindshift Motivational Video</a></span></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>