<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><ac:structured-macro ac:name="excerpt" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="e154fde1-1029-4b56-911c-1b19234cbdbe"><ac:parameter ac:name="atlassian-macro-output-type">INLINE</ac:parameter><ac:rich-text-body><p><ac:structured-macro ac:name="toc" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="42f7a9e4-2ed7-4ea2-b5bc-49163a8f695a"><ac:parameter ac:name="maxLevel">1</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name="absoluteUrl">true</ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro></p></ac:rich-text-body></ac:structured-macro></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1>Who comprises the MAP assessment panel?</h1><p>MAP is made up of architects, expert engineers, and other experienced team members from around QL. This includes Software Architects, QA Architects, Solution Architects, Principal Engineers, Team Leaders, Directors, etc.</p><p>Team members that take on architect or principal level roles and responsibilities are required to take part in future MAP activities. <strong>Helping others grow is the ante to play!</strong></p><p>If you're already at this level and for some reason not yet included in the MAP group, please reach out to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:MAPDrivers@quickenloans.com">MAPDrivers@quickenloans.com</a>&nbsp;and ask to be included.</p><h1>Who participates in a MAP interview?</h1><p>Besides the team member candidate, we like to keep the interviews to 4-6 experts to keep the team member from feeling overwhelmed. For groups that have many members such as AMAP, we let those architects volunteer to participate in the interview process. This keeps the participation spread out relatively evenly, and ensures it's not a massive burden on the team members who are conducting the assessments.</p><p>Please note: the team member's leader does&nbsp;<strong>not</strong>&nbsp;participate in the interview process (this is to prevent the leader from anchoring the room).</p><h1>How do I contact MAP?</h1><p>We have mailing lists for the individual MAPs.</p><ul><li>AMAP:&nbsp;<a href="mailto:ITTeamArchitectMAP@quickenloans.com">ITTeamArchitectMAP@quickenloans.com</a></li><li>EMAP:&nbsp;<a class="external-link" href="mailto:ITTeamEngineerMAP@quickenloans.com" rel="nofollow">ITTeamEngineerMAP@quickenloans.com</a></li><li>BAMAP:&nbsp;<a href="mailto:ITTeamPrincipalBAMAP@quickenloans.com">ITTeamPrincipalBAMAP@quickenloans.com</a></li></ul><p>We also have a mailing list for MAP Drivers:&nbsp;<a href="mailto:MAPDrivers@quickenloans.com">MAPDrivers@quickenloans.com</a></p><p>Feel free to email any groups with questions you may have. The drivers also help you identify the right group that can answer your questions.</p><h1>How often can I go through MAP interview process?</h1><p>The MAP assessment process can be attempted no more than once per year.</p><p>If you go through the MAP interview and aren't quite ready to be an architect or engineering expert then there are a few options. Depending on the opportunities identified, and the progress you're making on them, there may or may not be a need for you to go through the process again. We will approach these on a case-by-case basis.</p><p>Note: This specifically does not include team members that are&nbsp;<span class="status-macro aui-lozenge aui-lozenge-current">ON THE CUSP</span>&nbsp;- who are actively being mentored by a member of MAP, and are working towards their<strong>&nbsp;Action Plan.</strong></p><h1>What is the interview format?</h1><p>A small group of existing experts and MAP members sit down with a candidate and talk through the team member's experiences within their current role.</p><p>This is not a formal interview and we try to keep it casual. Instead of standard &quot;question - answer&quot; format, we want to keep this a <strong>discussion</strong> and allow opportunities for the candidate to speak on any topic they feel comfortable with.</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>