<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="two_right_sidebar"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p><p>This space is dedicated to figuring out how we can build better training/testing environments across our platforms</p><p><br></p><p>Things we need to figure out:&nbsp;</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Dedicated environments for &quot;Training&quot; AND all &quot;Testing Types&quot; (load/performance, integration, etc)</li><li>Processes / Data</li><li>Focus on training only - and stretch to &quot;other environments&quot; as well<br><br></li></ul><p><strong>This is a HUGE initiative - this touches nearly application/team of Rocket Technology</strong></p><ol><li>What are the problems we need to solve?</li><li>What should this virtual team deliver?</li><ol><li>Guidelines, Tools, Standards?</li></ol><li>Is a full featured non-production environment practical?</li><li>Should we throw away what we have today?</li><li>Can we accomplish out goal in time?</li></ol><ol><ol><li>If not, can we iterate and improve the experience incrementally?</li></ol></ol><p><br></p><p>Future : Pull in Trainers + Business Folks + others as needed, to collaborate</p><p><br></p><p>Lucid Board / Exploration:&nbsp;<a href="https://lucidboard.beta.bmfoc.zone/boards/1521" style="letter-spacing: 0.0px;">https://lucidboard.beta.bmfoc.zone/boards/1521</a></p><p><br></p><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell><ac:layout-cell><p><u><strong>Meeting Attendees:</strong></u></p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814906e07101491ec208670015"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff808081492af9aa01492db09d490001"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="8a8903604df7980f014e30281f01000b"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff808081489ad5100148cd2f52b2002c"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814a03762b014a1ca4b7ec0020"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814adbc64a014ae0020b0e0008"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814a03762b014a0721b2d50007"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="8a8903605a8cc799015b5c20d5ee0026"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="8a8903604c9fa921014c9fb004120001"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff808081489ad5100148e74e2da00038"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="8a8903604c9fa921014ca400342b1743"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="8a8903606e063946016e0d194d0d0002"></ri:user></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="8a8903606182c07b01618ec718a80004"></ri:user></ac:link></li></ul><p><br></p><p><u><strong>Additional Considerations:</strong></u></p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>RFC to consider:&nbsp;<a href="https://git.rockfin.com/tech-standards/rfcs/pull/311">https://git.rockfin.com/tech-standards/rfcs/pull/311</a><br><br></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>LucidBoard SnapShot:&nbsp;<a href="https://lucidboard.beta.bmfoc.zone/boards/1521">https://lucidboard.beta.bmfoc.zone/boards/1521</a></p><table><colgroup><col style="width: 288.0pt;"><col style="width: 1221.0pt;"><col style="width: 65.0pt;"></colgroup><tbody><tr><td>Column</td><td>Content</td><td>Votes</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Align with all the teams on the enterprise that a training environment is needed</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>VERY COMPLEX dependencies (including external vendors) -- Ex: Credit, Workday, ActiveDirectory integrations\r\n\r\n&quot;System Stacks&quot; (multiple applications need to work in concert - in the same environment)</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Functionality missing in Training that exists in production. Examples given by training: Doc Viewer docs don't populate, Rocketing a loan gives tax errors, the Income and asset qualifiers are missing or not functioning like production currently.</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Consistent &quot;test data&quot;: \r\n- Creation/Do Stuff/Deletion (Cleanup)\r\n- PROD data &gt; Lowers (similar test scenarios / copy data + scrub) + Keeping the data &quot;fresh&quot;</td><td>12</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Read and comment this RFC\r\<a href="nhttps://git.rockfin.com/tech-standards/rfcs/pull/311/files">nhttps://git.rockfin.com/tech-standards/rfcs/pull/311/files</a></td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Spin-up/Tear-down infrastructure / data automatically (Permissions/Process)</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Ensuring user roles are represented the same in Training/Testing as they are in Prod</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Dependency management especially in lower environment when it comes to having stable upstream/downstream dependencies.</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Maintaining Test/Train data examples \r\nso that it represents production uses cases and can be easily torn down when no longer needed</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Not all integrations are available in the environments.</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Balancing continual changes to production vs stability of training materials and steps</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Ensure all services have an AMP training environment and do not point to Beta</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>How much of the pain experienced by our training partners is integration/system related vs. outdated process related?</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>What are the problems we need to solve?</td><td>Understanding what is being trained to understand what needs implemented.&nbsp; For example 3rd party integrations like The Work Number, Schwab Data Pull, etc.</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>Guidelines (e.g. Data handling, required environments, what a non-production service must support, reference architectures)</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>working example of what is expected in a reliable training/testing environment</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>Sample/Example (&quot;poster-child&quot;) Environment that has overcome certain/all challenges</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>Tools (e.g. Data management, service mocking)</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>List of challenges to overcome for action teams to take up solving for</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>vision statement</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>Identify the highest value for the time change we can pursue immediately</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>Ideas and solutions around our testing and training environment challenges.</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>What should this virtual team deliver?</td><td>Delivery roadmap along with a prioritized or stack-ranked list of functionality/integrations</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Is a full featured non-production environment practical?</td><td>Yes to create AND maintain (depending on the &quot;stack/scope&quot; of an &quot;environment&quot;)</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Is a full featured non-production environment practical?</td><td>Yes - we have tools/technologies like Docker that can help with that provided all the corresponding dependencies/systems can be dockerized</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Is a full featured non-production environment practical?</td><td>Not if the goal is to maintain training materials with continual changes to production.&nbsp; It will require a heavy lift to be continually aware of updates and change the training program.</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Is a full featured non-production environment practical?</td><td>Yes, maybe a UAT environment.&nbsp; Not sure if we can have multiple full featured environments for all lower environment testing</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Is a full featured non-production environment practical?</td><td>Faking vendor app requests may be challenging. If we stick to a strict training plan, we can target specific request/responses to fake</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Should we throw away what we have today?</td><td>Dear god no! Keep it and &quot;strangler pattern&quot; / port stuff over to the &quot;new envs&quot; (and get regular data refreshes)</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Should we throw away what we have today?</td><td>They can serve as stop-gap.</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Should we throw away what we have today?</td><td>No, I think it needs alot of clean up though</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Should we throw away what we have today?</td><td>No - we should try to leverage what we have.</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Should we throw away what we have today?</td><td>dump it as soon as possible</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Can we accomplish our goal in time?</td><td>If not, can we iterate and improve the experience incrementally?</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Can we accomplish our goal in time?</td><td>Training partners are looking for right opposed to fast. If we can determine which areas to target that will truly move the needle on an improved training environment and experience, we can focus there first.</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Can we accomplish our goal in time?</td><td>3-6 Months: ... HIGH Risk\r\nWe would need a dedicated/full-time focus on this</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Can we accomplish our goal in time?</td><td>we should figure out how to iterate on building new</td><td>1</td></tr></tbody></table><p class="auto-cursor-target"><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>