<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="two_equal"><ac:layout-cell><p><strong>QL TECH CON:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(237,9,140);">SUBMISSION DEADLINE:</span><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">&nbsp; July 6, 2018 @ 11:59 PM (EST)</span></strong></p></ac:layout-cell><ac:layout-cell><p><strong style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: rgb(53,159,221);">LINK to SUBMIT TALKS</span></strong><span style="color: rgb(53,159,221);">:</span><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">&nbsp;</span><a style="text-align: center;" href="https://sessionize.com/tech-con-2018/"><span>https://sessionize.com/tech-con-2018/</span></a><span style="color: rgb(64,64,64);">&nbsp;</span></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2><ac:image ac:thumbnail="true" ac:height="250"><ri:attachment ri:filename="MeTropical.jpeg"></ri:attachment></ac:image></h2><h2>Personal Bio:</h2><p class="p1"><strong>Peter Varga</strong> is a quality evangelist, a DevSecOps enthusiast, and a thought leader with over 20 years of experience in designing, developing, testing, and deploying software.&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><br></p><p class="p1">He is currently an Enterprise Quality Architect at Quicken Loans, where he is responsible for implementing solutions and strategies for continuous quality and quality-driven development at the enterprise level.&nbsp;</p><p class="p2"><br></p><p class="p1">Peter holds an undergraduate degree in Electrical Engineering, and a master&rsquo;s of science degree in Information Systems, both from Lawrence Technological University. He is a certified as an SOA Analyst and is also ISTQB certified, and is a self-proclaimed &quot;nerd-herder&quot;.&nbsp;</p><p class="p2"><br></p><p class="p1">Peter has helped numerous folks achieve tangible business outcomes through implementation of best practices in Quality and DevSecOps through automated testing, continuous integration/deployments, infrastructure as a service, and containerization.</p><p><br></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">Twitter: <span class="s2"><a href="https://twitter.com/pvarga00">https://twitter.com/pvarga00</a></span></span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">LinkedIn: <span class="s2"><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/petervarga12345/">https://www.linkedin.com/in/petervarga12345/</a></span></span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">Company: <a href="https://www.quickenloans.com/"><span class="s2">https://www.quickenloans.com/</span></a>&nbsp;</span></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1>Talk Topic Abstracts:</h1><p><ac:structured-macro ac:name="toc" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="c2196cd9-beb5-44b0-8159-198642914f34"></ac:structured-macro></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Title: A Tale of Continuous Deployment Pipelines: CircleCI, Docker, HAL, and You (SUBMITTED)</h2><p><strong>Duration:</strong> ~1hr (45min including 15mins of Q&amp;A at the end of the presentation)</p><p><strong>Description</strong>: Join Peter as he shares his experience learning how to leverage CircleCI and a<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">n infrastructure-as-code approach to Docker-based production environments. Share in his experience in scripting and automation to help get you started on your journey too. Whether you are migrating existing applications into a new deployment pipeline, or just starting out on your DevOps journey - you'll learn how you too can benefit from fully automated deployments.</span></p><p><strong>Elevator Pitch</strong>: Peter<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">&nbsp;introduces a modern pattern for continuous delivery that will allow you to quickly go from code repository to Docker's Universal Control Panel, using CircleCI and leveraging Docker. Peter covers some of the pitfalls of this new architecture and explores how to correctly develop an automated deployment pipeline.</span></p><p><strong>Main Message</strong>:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">DevOps and test-driven infrastructure radically shifted the way we develop and deploy applications and infrastructure.&nbsp;</span></p><p><strong>Take Aways</strong>:</p><ul><li>An overview of CI/CD</li><li>Learn how you too can utilize Docker containers, CircleCI, HAL, and Docker DTR and UCP - to continuously deploy your application safely, securely, with high quality, quickly, and completely automated</li></ul><p><strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>Supplemental Info:</strong></p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>CircleCI - Deployment Pipeline (infrastructure as code):&nbsp;<a href="https://git/LiftOff/LiftOff-ProcessEngine/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml">https://git/LiftOff/LiftOff-ProcessEngine/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml</a>&nbsp;- discussing the ideas implemented in this file</li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Title:&nbsp;<ac:link><ri:blog-post ri:space-key="~pvarga" ri:content-title="Continuous Integration (Automated Unit Testing): Our First Steps to Paradise" ri:posting-day="2015/11/11"></ri:blog-post></ac:link>&nbsp;(SUBMITTED)</h2><p><strong>Duration:</strong>&nbsp;~1hr (45min including 15mins of Q&amp;A at the end of the presentation)</p><p><strong>Description</strong>: Join Peter as he shares his experience learning how to implement Continuous Integration</p><p><strong>Elevator Pitch</strong>:&nbsp;Unit tests give you piece of mind / Continuous Integration is the process of always knowing your application is ok. Let's explore what CI is, why we need it, and how to DO IT RIGHT.</p><p><strong>Main Message</strong>:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">DevOps and test-driven infrastructure radically shifted the way we develop and deploy applications and infrastructure.&nbsp;</span></p><p><strong>Take Aways</strong>:</p><ul><li>An overview of CI: What it is, why we need it, and how to do it</li><li>Learn how you too can implement Continuous Integration for your application - continuously ensuring your application has integrated code&nbsp;with high quality:&nbsp;quickly, easily, and completely automated</li></ul><p><br></p><p><strong>Supplemental Info:</strong></p><ul><li><ac:link><ri:blog-post ri:space-key="~pvarga" ri:content-title="Continuous Integration (Automated Unit Testing): Our First Steps to Paradise" ri:posting-day="2015/11/11"></ri:blog-post></ac:link></li><li><ac:link><ri:page ri:space-key="QAPOW" ri:content-title="Continuous Integration Guidance: Getting Started (How You'll Do It)"></ri:page></ac:link><br><em><br></em></li><li><em>Note: These are merely reference evaluation material... I will be changing the content for the QL Tech Conf.</em><br><br></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Title: An Overview of the MAP Process: Providing Guidance, Evaluations, and Setting-Up New Architects (and Principle Engineers) for Success</h2><h2>&nbsp;(SUBMITTED)</h2><p><strong>Duration</strong>:&nbsp;&nbsp;~1hr (45min including 15mins of Q&amp;A at the end of the presentation)</p><p><strong>Description</strong>: An overview of the MAP process, the program's history, and why this program is vitally important to Quicken Loans.</p><p><strong>Elevator Pitch</strong>: Want to know about how you too can become an architect/principal engineer? We have the process for you!</p><p><strong>Main Message</strong>:</p><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">CNN recently rated Software Architect the number one job in America. Yet in most companies, there is no clear path or direction in moving from developer to architect. Join Peter as he blends an overview of the Quicken Loans'&nbsp;<strong>MAP process</strong>, details the ideals used in creating the process, and explains the process. Peter will lead you through the history of the program, detail his real-world learnings and anecdotes in helping create the MAP process, giving a clear path with guidance&nbsp;to fellow team members in leveling-up, and exploring the many aspects in becoming an architect.</span></p><p><strong>Take Aways</strong>:</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>An overview of the MAP process</li><li>How the process iterated, and came to be what it is today</li><li>Why the MAP process is a key factor in ensuring successful new architects</li><li>Learning where to go for more information about the MAP process - and providing the path to becoming a successful architect</li></ul><p><strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>Supplemental Info:</strong></p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>MAP Program:&nbsp;<a href="http://shorty/map">http://shorty/map</a>&nbsp;</li><li>Previously Presented Recording&nbsp;:&nbsp;<a href="http://qltube/watch_video.php?v=D17X476W1HOX" class="external-link" rel="nofollow">Video</a><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><em>Note: This is merely reference evaluation material... I will be changing the content for the QL Tech Conf.</em></li></ul></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Title: An Overview of the TRAC Process: Providing Role Evaluations and Guidance for Leveling-Up (SUBMITTED)</h2><p><strong>Duration</strong>:&nbsp;&nbsp;~1hr (45min including 15mins of Q&amp;A at the end of the presentation)</p><p><strong>Description</strong>:&nbsp;An overview of the TRAC process, the program's history, and why this program is vitally important to Quicken Loans.</p><p><strong>Elevator Pitch</strong>: Hey, can you objectively evaluate your skills? Do you know where to go for detailed information for the next steps in your career? Can you determine what you should be learning/focusing on, as it applies to your role? Do you maybe want to change roles and your career path, and don't know what it'll take to get started? We have the program for you: <strong>TRAC</strong>!</p><p><strong>Main Message</strong>:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Join Peter as he blends an overview of the Quicken Loans'&nbsp;</span><strong>TRAC process</strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">, details the ideals used in creating the process, and explains the process. Peter will lead you through the history of the program, detail his real-world learnings and anecdotes in helping drive the TRAC process, giving a clear path with guidance&nbsp;to fellow team members in assessing their skills and leveling-up.</span></p><p><strong>Take Aways</strong>:</p><ul><li>An overview of the TRAC process</li><li>How the process iterated, and came to be what it is today</li><li>Why the TRAC process is a key factor in ensuring successful team members</li><li>Learning where to go for more information about the TRAC process - and providing the guidance in becoming even BETTER in your role</li></ul><p><strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>Supplemental Info:</strong></p><ul><li>TRAC Program:&nbsp;<a href="http://shorty/trac">http://shorty/trac</a>&nbsp;</li><li>Previously Presented Recording&nbsp;:&nbsp;<a rel="nofollow" class="external-link" href="http://qltube/watch_video.php?v=OHS5N3R4XMYU">Video</a>&nbsp;/&nbsp;<a href="https://confluence/download/attachments/24386712/QE%20TRAC%20V2.pptx?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1492708520000&amp;api=v2">Slides</a><ul><li><em>Note: This is merely reference evaluation material... I will be changing the content for the QL Tech Conf.</em></li></ul></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Title: Our QL Communities Are AMAZING! (SUBMITTED)</h2><p><strong>Duration</strong>:&nbsp;&nbsp;~1hr (45min including 15mins of Q&amp;A at the end of the presentation)</p><p><strong>Description</strong>:&nbsp;An overview of our QL Communities, the history, and why this program is vitally important to Quicken Loans.</p><p><strong>Elevator Pitch</strong>:&nbsp;Our IT Communities are all about PEOPLE and LEARNING. We believe that people are the core of any community, and continually learning and growing is what it means to be a part of a community. Within our QL communities, we&nbsp;pool our knowledge and experiences;&nbsp;learn and grow; and teach and mentor each other. We come together collectively to solve opportunities and explore new ideas. When we work on &quot;the next thing,&quot; we are much better off having numerous experiences, updated skills, and knowledge to rely upon.</p><p><strong>Main Message</strong>:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Join Peter as he explores our Quicken Loans'&nbsp;</span><strong>Communities</strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">, details the ideals used in creating/driving our Communities, and explains why our communities are so vitally important. Peter will lead you through the history of how our Communities got started and why, and detail his real-world learnings and anecdotes in helping create/drive several communities. MORE WORDS HERE.</span></p><p><strong>Take Aways</strong>:</p><ul><li>An overview of Communities within QL</li><li>How our communities came to be, and how they grew into what you know them to be today</li><li>Why our Communities are a key factor in ensuring successful team members</li><li>Learning where to go for more information about our QL Communities</li></ul><p><br><strong>Supplemental Info:</strong><br>Why:&nbsp;<ac:link><ri:blog-post ri:content-title="Our IT Communities Are Awesome!" ri:posting-day="2016/04/29"></ri:blog-post></ac:link></p><ul><li><em>Note: This is merely reference evaluation material... I will be changing the content for the QL Tech Conf.</em></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Title: Communicating Badly Is Pretty Easy, But &quot;Effective Communication&quot; Is Trickier: Empathy to the Rescue!</h2><h2>&nbsp;(SUBMITTED)</h2><p><strong>Duration</strong>:&nbsp;&nbsp;~1hr (including several quick interactive workshop sessions)</p><p><strong>Description</strong>:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Communication is not an optional soft skill for us &ndash; it's essential to our success - in both our professional career and personal lives. We can have the most brilliant ideas/thoughts, but if we're ineffective in communicating their value <strong>OR</strong>&nbsp;if we can't obtain buy-in, we won't be successful. This session will discuss a process on how to effectively shape and communicate your ideas to different audiences.</span></p><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);"><br></span></p><p><strong>Main Message</strong>:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Join Peter as he&nbsp;</span><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">investigates why communication is often difficult, and how having empathy can help. We'll explore some techniques that can help you to communicate more effectively. We'll try out the concepts with some role-playing and hands-on workshopping as part of the learning experience.</span></p><p><br></p><p><strong>Take Aways</strong>:</p><ul><li>Learn how to communicate effectively</li><li>Understand some of the common barriers to communication, and how to overcome them</li><li>Some &quot;Tips N' Tricks&quot; on how to become an even more effective communicator (...or at least appear to look like you are one)</li></ul><p><br></p><p><strong>Supplemental Info:</strong></p><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);"><ac:link><ri:blog-post ri:space-key="~pvarga" ri:content-title="Communication is Difficult: Having Empathy Can Help! [PART 1]" ri:posting-day="2014/12/01"></ri:blog-post></ac:link></span></p><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);"><ac:link><ri:blog-post ri:space-key="~pvarga" ri:content-title="Communication Is Hard: But Having Empathy Can Help! [PART 2: Active Listening]" ri:posting-day="2016/09/20"></ri:blog-post></ac:link></span></p><ul><li><em>Note: These are merely reference evaluation material... I will be changing the content for the QL Tech Conf.</em></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Title: Code Metrics &amp; SonarQube &amp; You: A Tale of Measuring How Good Your Code Actually Is (SUBMITTED)</h2><p><strong>Duration</strong>:&nbsp;&nbsp;~1hr (45min including 15mins of Q&amp;A at the end of the presentation)</p><p><strong>Description</strong>:&nbsp;An overview of code metrics, SonarQube, how to interpret and use the data, and why measuring code metrics are vitally important to Quicken Loans.</p><p><strong>Elevator Pitch</strong>: Code metrics are all about measuring the quality aspects of your code. Code Coverage, Cyclomatic Complexity, and Tech Debt are just some of the measurements that help you learn about how good your code is - and how to make it even better. We will also explore how SonarQube is being used to collect and visualize this data, watch for historical trends showing you how your code progresses over time, and detail crucial information about your code. You can even use these metrics and set thresholds to ensure your builds/releases never regress - and only allow improvements to your code!</p><p><strong>Main Message</strong>:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Join Peter as he explores various code metrics</span><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">, details the ideals behind why these metrics are important, how they are used and implemented. Peter will also explain why these metrics are so vitally important to understanding your code - and how to make your code even better. Peter will lead you through the history of how SonarQube helps track these measurements, how SonarQube helps to solve the problems in your code and why, and he'll even detail his real-world learnings and anecdotes in helping create/drive our adoption of this tool, for <u><strong>your</strong></u> code.</span></p><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);"><br></span></p><p><strong>Take Aways</strong>:</p><ul><li>An overview of code metrics : what they are, and how they help</li><li>An overview of SonarQube - and how it can be used to make your code even better</li><li>An overview of using Quality Gates / Thresholds to stop bad code from being deployed!</li></ul><p><br><strong>Supplemental Info:</strong></p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Code Metrics Overview:&nbsp;<ac:link><ri:page ri:space-key="QD" ri:content-title="iDash: A Dashboard for the QL IT Enterprise"></ri:page></ac:link></li><li>SonarQube Docs:&nbsp;<a href="http://shorty/sonardocs">http://shorty/sonardocs</a></li><li><a rel="nofollow" class="external-link" href="http://qltube/watch_video.php?v=S3HX887S8RY5">Using Sonar to Investigate Code Quality / Tech Debt (Video)</a></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><ac:structured-macro ac:name="include" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="5bb03ac3-cca3-4129-b3d9-8d0fe4d8baf2"><ac:parameter ac:name=""><ac:link><ri:page ri:space-key="~KRobertson1" ri:content-title="CI/CD Pipelines using TFS: A Deep Dive"></ri:page></ac:link></ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><br></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1>Helpful Proposal Tips:</h1><p>Please be sure that your presentation, including all supporting materials and informal commentary, is welcoming and respectful to all participants, regardless of race, gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, national origin, ethnicity, religion, or political affiliation.</p><ul><li>Pick the right topic for your talk to be sure it gets in front of the right program committee members.</li><li>Be authentic. Your peers need original ideas in real-world scenarios, relevant examples, and knowledge transfer.</li><li>Give your proposal a simple and straightforward title.</li><li>Include as much detail about the presentation as possible.</li><li>If you are proposing a panel, tell us who else would be on it.</li><li>Keep proposals free of marketing and sales.</li><li>If you are not the speaker, provide the contact information of the person you&rsquo;re suggesting. We tend to ignore proposals submitted by PR agencies and require that we can reach the suggested participant directly. Improve the proposal&rsquo;s chances of being accepted by working closely with the presenter(s) to write a jargon-free proposal that contains clear value for attendees.</li><li>Keep the audience in mind: they&rsquo;re professional, and already pretty smart.</li><li>Limit the scope: in 40 minutes, you won&rsquo;t be able to cover Everything about Framework X. Instead, pick a useful aspect, or a particular technique, or walk through a simple program.</li><li>Explain why people will want to attend and what they&rsquo;ll take away from it</li><li>Don&rsquo;t assume that your company&rsquo;s name buys you credibility. If you&rsquo;re talking about something important that you have specific knowledge of because of what your company does, spell that out in the description.</li><li>Does your presentation have the participation of a woman, person of color, or member of another group often underrepresented at tech conferences?&nbsp;<a href="http://oreilly.com/conferences/diversity.html" class="external">Diversity</a>&nbsp;is one of the factors we seriously consider when reviewing proposals as we seek to broaden our speaker roster.</li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1>Resources:</h1><ul><li><a class="external" href="http://oreilly.com/conferences/sample_proposals.html">Take a look at this handy proposals guide</a>&nbsp;that goes through examples of winning proposals, divided by presentations types: Skills, Technology, Case Study, and Tutorials.</li><li><a class="external" href="https://conferences.oreilly.com/software-architecture/sa-ny-2018/public/schedule/grid/public">See the list of sessions</a>&nbsp;chosen for the 2018 program and read their descriptions.</li><li>View Matthew McCullough&rsquo;s presentation on&nbsp;<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJz4JJIchaY&amp;feature=youtu.be" class="external">10 Quick Tips for More Effective Conference Submissions and Presentations</a>.</li><li>View a&nbsp;<a class="external" href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE67bo7dmbY">Women Who Code panel discussion</a>&nbsp;on preparing for and speaking at technical conferences.</li><li>Read the short ebook,&nbsp;<a class="external" href="https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/propose-prepare-present/9781449371722/">Propose, Prepare, Present</a>.</li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="three_equal"><ac:layout-cell><h1>General Topic Ideas:</h1><h3>New architectural styles</h3><ul><li>Reactive and its variants</li><li>Microservices architecture</li><li>Cloud native</li><li>Serverless</li></ul><h3>Effective techniques for existing architectures</h3><ul><li>Web</li><li>Single-page web applications</li><li>Distributed systems</li><li>Integration architecture</li><li>Enterprise architecture</li><li>Application architecture</li></ul><h3>Intersection of architecture and&hellip;</h3><ul><li>DevOps, operations, deployment, Continuous Delivery</li><li>Security, both internal and external</li><li>User experience design</li><li>Caching, load balancing, optimization</li><li>Scale and performance</li><li>Business concerns</li><li>Chaos engineering</li><li>Data</li></ul></ac:layout-cell><ac:layout-cell><h1>QL Related Topic Ideas:</h1><h3><strong>Process</strong></h3><p><s>MAP</s></p><p><s>TRAC</s></p><p>Code Metrics</p><p>iDash (.NET Core)&nbsp;</p><p><s>Communication</s></p><p><s><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Communities</span></s></p></ac:layout-cell><ac:layout-cell><h2>S'MORE PERSONAL TOPICS:</h2><ul><li><s>CI/CD pipeline with quality gates</s></li><li>Automation frameworks</li><li>Docker containerization</li><li>Unit testing &ndash; practices, considerations etc.</li><li>Performance testing in CI/CD</li><li>Security testing in CI/CD</li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>