<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>This space is dedicated to describing the architecture and vision for the IT All Dashboard.</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1>Overview</h1><p>We want the dashboard to be VERY responsive to CHANGE and highly SCALABLE.</p><p>There will constantly be new/removed metrics, applications, permissions, updated sources of measurements/data, differing timeframes, etc.</p><p>...And the dashboard needs to be able to quickly respond to new/edit/removals of measurements</p><p>An agnostic middle layer / collection of services (as data aggregators and presenters) will be built to aggregate and display data in such a way that (past, current, future) data collection tools can be accommodated. Think: Future Extensibility and Robustness. This middle layer will also aggregate data at the Project/App/Area/Team level to give all parties sufficient visibility, and enable scorecard type evaluation - for at-a-glance determinations of what to focus upon for improvements.</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h1><strong>Architectural Diagrams</strong></h1><p><strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>C1 Context&nbsp;<strong>(System)&nbsp;</strong></strong>: Shows keys systems, the dependencies between them, and the actors who access them. This is the highest level, used to depict interdependent systems and their integrations.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Clients will view a web page for their application, viewing various collected metrics/information at-a-glance.</p><p class="with-breadcrumbs"><u><a href="https://confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55395022">Desired Metrics to Measure + Track</a>&nbsp;(MVP):</u></p><ul><li>Application Name</li><li>Application/Service Availability Status : Uptime (seconds) / Downtime&nbsp;(seconds)</li><li>Performance:&nbsp;Average&nbsp;Response Time&nbsp;(seconds)</li><li>**Code Coverage</li><li>**Number of Unit Tests</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>**Note: Optional for MVP</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><u>System Context Architectural Diagram:</u></p><p><ac:structured-macro ac:name="gliffy" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="7d081e2f-4ffd-45d3-bd5b-13c30efbb615"><ac:parameter ac:name="name">QDaashArchDiaSystemContext</ac:parameter><ac:parameter ac:name=""></ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>All applications will be responsible for ensuring that their information is populated to the quality dashboard database.</p><p>There will be &quot;data collectors&quot; that aggregate data from various sources for an application.&nbsp;</p><p>There will be different flavors of data collectors, which will convert data into the formats required by the Quality Dashboard database.</p><p>Examples:</p><p><strong>Data Collector: Coverage</strong> (Application, Code Coverage %)</p><p><strong>Data Collector: PingHealth</strong>&nbsp;(Application, SystemIsUp)</p><p><strong>Data Collector: AppResponse</strong>&nbsp;(Application, ResponseTime)</p><p>Etc.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><br><u>BrainDump/Notes:</u></p><p>Data will populate the Quality Dashboard database/warehouse, by GET/POST API calls - and we'll collect and keep lightweight, summarized historical data for trending.</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><strong>C2 Containers</strong>: Shows the high-level technology choices, how systems are decomposed into containers, and how those containers communicate.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Quality Dashboard Tech Stacks:</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Database/warehouse (NoSQL : Key/Value / lightweight) : MongoDB, DynamoDB, Riak, Redis, Memcached, etc.</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Real APIs &gt; iDashMidWare &gt; iDashDB &gt; iDashUI</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><u>BrainDump/Notes:</u></p><p>NoSQL:&nbsp;<a href="https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/nosql-databases-overview">https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/nosql-databases-overview</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><strong>C3 Component</strong>: Shows the internal structure of a container, and how it is decomposed into collaborating components.</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><strong>C4 Class:&nbsp;</strong>Typically, you can use a UML class diagram, showing the internal structure of a component. This is usually only needed for complex components.</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p><strong>Data Flow: </strong>Detail how the data flows across the system</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>