<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p class="p1"><span class="s1">We&rsquo;ll have 5 minutes to explain what impacted us the most, for&nbsp;each our teams,&nbsp;for both the:&nbsp;</span></p><ol class="ol1"><li class="li1"><span class="s1">&ldquo;Accountability and Ownership&rdquo;&nbsp;CGL session</span></li><li class="li1"><span class="s1">The related homework assignment for&nbsp;&quot;Accountability and Ownership&quot;</span></li></ol></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p class="p1">Let&rsquo;s get together (both teams), and we&rsquo;ll figure out how we plan on presenting to CGL, on our take-aways / lessons learned for the &ldquo;Accountability + Ownership&rdquo; Challenge!</p><p class="p1">&nbsp;<strong style="line-height: 1.4285;">There will be 1 presentation between the 2 teams that are paired up which means we will present together.</strong></p><p class="p1">&nbsp;</p><p>Notes:</p><ul><li>Keep it rhythmic / on the beat... try to keep the verbal cadence / beat when you saying a line... GO BIG!!! OWN YOUR PRESENCE!!</li><li>START STRONG AND END STRONG!!</li><li>Try to incorporate HUMOR in your lines... Google some &quot;apologies&quot; (office related)</li><li>If you have extra clothing articles: BRING IT!</li><li>Peter: Make a meeting for ALL MORNING (drop in open session) (prior to CGL) - In Qube &gt; 8FL QZine</li><li>Plants in the crowd - Audience participation - Get up and wave arms</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Rap Scripts:&nbsp;</p><ul><li>Audience Participation : Each &quot;beat boxer&quot; on the ends - get the crowd up on feet - and help out with &quot;AAAA&quot; + &quot;OOO&quot; - point at crowd to get 'em joining in</li><li>Keep &quot;PRIME TIME&quot; and &quot;Dueces Wild&quot; as the hook - Keep repeating that</li><li>Keep repeating A + O (if you get stuck or need to intro yourself on the beat</li><li>SPIKE THE MIC / MIC DROP (soft box)</li></ul><p class="p1"><strong style="line-height: 1.4285;"><br></strong></p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>NOTE: Words in <strong>BOLD</strong> and Capitalized - are said by <strong>ALL</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>BASSAM: What up QL Peeps - We here to present on Accountability and Ownership</p><p>BASSAM:&nbsp;We got Deuces Wild + Prime Time - And we're here to spit some knowledge at ya'll!</p><p>BASSAM: We want to get you all involved - Put your hands up and let's give a big QL welcome for the group!</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>DUFFY: Time to drop the beat!</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">PETER:&nbsp;We're the AO rappers - here on this stage</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">PETER: To preach what we learned, in a CGL way</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">PETER:&nbsp;These chains on our necks, make us unite</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">PETER:&nbsp;ACCOUNTABILITY and OWNERSHIP&nbsp;feel so right!</span></p><p>PETER: We're<span>&nbsp;<strong>Deuces Wild</strong> AND&nbsp;</span><strong>Prime Time</strong> - And we're here to drop funky fresh rhymes</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>DAVE:&nbsp; We'll drop some knowledge you shouldn't skip</p><p>DAVE :&nbsp;about <strong>Accountabilt-EEE and Ownership</strong></p><p>DAVE: Watch us flow - and take our tips</p><p>DAVE: Here's what we learned - and the skills we earned:</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">DAVE:&nbsp;Leading by example, is what we do</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">DAVE:&nbsp;Holding others ACCOUNTABLE is hard to do</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">DAVE:&nbsp;As a QL leader, you must have no fear</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">DAVE:&nbsp;I mean, look at us, we're grinding gears!</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">DAVE:&nbsp;We have no trepidation, just trying to build the QL foundation</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>BOBBY: Everyone in the 313! Wave your arms just like me!</p><p>BOBBY: Now we're talking about empathy</p><p>BOBBY: How can I explain it? Take it frame by frame it...</p><p>BOBBY: Show you Feel it - and Mean it - And when you see it - we'll believe it</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;Don&rsquo;t make excuses,&nbsp; and please don&rsquo;t point the finger</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;You&rsquo;ll end up with bruises, and be in the ringer</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;Don&rsquo;t be a fool, please show respect</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;Treat others kind and don&rsquo;t get caught in the&nbsp;</span><span class="s3">net</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">KEVIN:&nbsp;When ya make a mistake, well, that&rsquo;s OK</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">KEVIN:&nbsp;Cause we&rsquo;re all hum-an, and we&rsquo;re just here to say</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">KEVIN:&nbsp;It&rsquo;s not about the <strong>WHO</strong>, it&rsquo;s about the <strong>WHAT</strong></span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">KEVIN:&nbsp;Get to the root, what is the fuss?</span></p><p>KEVIN: Level-set expectations - This is the foundation - For building effective communication -&nbsp;WORD!&nbsp;</p><p>KEVIN: Provide Visibility - Which can bring Clarity and Agility - WOOO HOOO HOOO -&nbsp;TRUE DAT</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>NICOLE: I'm sorry miss Jackson&nbsp;&ndash; (<strong>Oooooooooo)</strong>!</p><p>NICOLE:&nbsp;I'm am for real !!!!!!!!</p><p>NICOLE:&nbsp;&nbsp;I never meant to miss the meeting I, I apologize a trillion times.&nbsp;</p><p>NICOLE:&nbsp;I'm sorry mrs Jackson (<strong>Oooooh</strong>)</p><p>NICOLE:&nbsp;Communications Rules!!!&nbsp;</p><p>NICOLE:&nbsp;Ownership + ACCOUNTABILITY.. Coming at ya'll from the 313</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">STEVE:&nbsp;Please have EMPATHY, Try to understand</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">STEVE:&nbsp;It&rsquo;s your duty YO &ndash;&nbsp;to help out the band</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">STEVE: Mistakes are made, we&rsquo;re all human y'see</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">STEVE:&nbsp;It&rsquo;s ALL about providing visibility!</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">STEVE:&nbsp;So do the right thing, and take OWNERSHIP</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">STEVE:&nbsp;Cause your peeps will respect ya, they don&rsquo;t give a SHHHHHH (finger on lips)</span></p><p>STEVE:&nbsp;Welcome to the month of May! &nbsp; &nbsp;<strong>WE ARE THE THEY</strong>!</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO&nbsp;</strong>(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>BOBBY: Don't be a fool and remember the Golden Rule</p><p>BOBBY:&nbsp;Treat others how you wanna be treated - RESPECT! &nbsp; And you won't be deceit-ed</p><p>BOBBY: T-R-U-S-T - Find out what it means to me -&nbsp;<strong>OWNERSHIP and ACCOUNTABILITY</strong>!</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;Apologize to those you&rsquo;ve dissed along the way</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;Because if you don&rsquo;t &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;NO &ndash; they won&rsquo;t play</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;Hold yer peeps near, cause you&rsquo;ll need em soon</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">BOBBY:&nbsp;To have your back, and sweep up with a broom</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO&nbsp;</strong>(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE: We&rsquo;re all in it together, <strong>WE</strong> <strong>ARE THE THEY</strong></span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE:&nbsp;So let&rsquo;s be ACCOUNTABLE, starting TODAY!</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE:&nbsp;When we show others, how we come clean</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE:&nbsp;They&rsquo;ll learn by example, and make a great team!</span></p><p class="p1">&nbsp;</p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE:&nbsp;So let&rsquo;s wRAP up or presentation, YES - that was a pun</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE:&nbsp;We learned a lot of stuff, and had some fun</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE:&nbsp;If ya break that chain of fear, that we all possess</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1">AMIE:&nbsp;You&rsquo;ll breed a sweet culture, filled with success</span></p><p class="p1"><span class="s1"><br></span></p><div><span class="s1"><br></span></div><div><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO&nbsp;</strong>(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;)&nbsp;- Collective group&nbsp;</p><p><strong>AAAAA</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>OOOOO</strong>&nbsp;(Like &quot;Hiphop hooraay ... oooo&quot;) - Collective group&nbsp;</p></div><div><span class="s1"><br></span></div><p>PETER: So say yer sorry - Keep it GUMP - Show no fear - Take your lumps, and <strong>OWN IT, OWN IT, OWN IT, OWN IT</strong></p><p><strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>ALL : And WE OUUUUT!</strong></p><p>(MIC DROP)</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Walk away chanting PRIME TIME + DEUCES WILD!</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>Stuff to Consider:</p><p>1: CGL Presentation Session</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>2: &quot;Accountability + Ownership&quot; Challenge (HW Assignment + Session)</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Peter: A critical lesson learned: Level-setting expectations and providing visibility, up-front to all respective parties is CRITICAL to pre-solving these issues... Once an issue in encountered, those same skills of level-setting and visibility, and then translating those feelings/thoughts into actual&nbsp;actionable interactions. You really have to think through how this situation is perceived by the other parties, and how you think about a particular situation, and then build bridges of understanding, through communication. This all comes down to empathy. Relating to others&nbsp;how you experience a situation, and then try to understand how others experience the same situation, from their point of view.</li><li>Amie: When you do something wrong - own it. Also related to TRUST. Builds trust, and more respected/more easily forgiven. While hard, it is worthwhile</li><li>Steve: Personal accountability. Take it to a personal level. Empathy: Understanding what it would feel like if a scenario happened to you, and feeling what the other person would feel</li><li>Steve: Leading by example. Showing others by your actions the &quot;who you are / the way you behave&quot; / your presence.</li><li>Amie: If you hold yourself accountable, so too might others also follow suit and hold themselves accountable</li><li>Amie: If you admit a mistake, and be open about it, people are more willing to come to that leader in the future&nbsp;</li><li>Nicole: Owning it leads back to other challenges as well. Communication especially.</li><li>Amie: Clearly state that you are not making excuses versus explaining why the problem happened / taking ownership. Choosing the wording to explain the situation is important</li><li>Amie: Not making any excuses, but explain why/how a scenario happened</li><li>Amie: Relating to this, we try not to finger point - it is anti- to our culture (What, not the They) - We're not blaming anyone, so using &quot;we&quot; may help convey the message</li><li>Kevin/Nicole: Session: Activity: The ball throwing session : Kept getting more complex : If a ball was dropped, take accountability, say I was sorry and carry on - but the whole team took accountability, and the team took responsibility / was ok with a drop</li><li>Amie: &quot;Who cares if I make a mistake - lead to not making one&quot;</li><li>Amie: It's ok to be silly - It's more personable makes people interesting</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>Presentation Ideas:</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Format: Rap song</li><li>Format: Haikus</li><li>Format: Def poetry jam / Beat poetry</li><li>Incorporate juggling / ball throwing / free style</li><li>Whoever catches the ball - keeps the presentation going</li><li>Passing the ball to the next person</li></ul><ac:task-list>
<ac:task>
<ac:task-id>1</ac:task-id>
<ac:task-status>incomplete</ac:task-status>
<ac:task-body><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814a27753d014a3053cf430012"></ri:user></ac:link> :&nbsp;Ask CGL Leaders for getting a mic-cube early on - to be used in presentation</ac:task-body>
</ac:task>
</ac:task-list>
<ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Decided : Music / rap may be too complicated... Beat boxing?</li><li>Amie + Bassam: Beat boxing - Give us a beat!&nbsp;</li></ul><ac:task-list>
<ac:task>
<ac:task-id>2</ac:task-id>
<ac:task-status>incomplete</ac:task-status>
<ac:task-body><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814a4b9bb3014a4f2342f60004"></ri:user></ac:link>&nbsp;+ <ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="8a8903604c9fa921014ca4002200120a"></ri:user></ac:link>: To meet on Monday to practice</ac:task-body>
</ac:task>
<ac:task>
<ac:task-id>3</ac:task-id>
<ac:task-status>incomplete</ac:task-status>
<ac:task-body>9 folks : 2 beat boxers / 7 different verses of song/rap</ac:task-body>
</ac:task>
<ac:task>
<ac:task-id>4</ac:task-id>
<ac:task-status>incomplete</ac:task-status>
<ac:task-body><span>&nbsp;Each team member should come up with a single line to &quot;rap / read / opera / spoken word / poetry style&quot; (whatever style you feel most comfortable with) - what they want to present</span></ac:task-body>
</ac:task>
<ac:task>
<ac:task-id>5</ac:task-id>
<ac:task-status>incomplete</ac:task-status>
<ac:task-body><span>Dress-up like rappers! EVERYONE!</span></ac:task-body>
</ac:task>
</ac:task-list>
<ul><li style="list-style-type: none;background-image: none;"><ul><li><span><ac:image><ri:attachment ri:filename="image2016-4-27 11:46:9.png"></ri:attachment></ac:image><br class="_mce_tagged_br"></span></li><li><span>Example Rap Clothes:&nbsp;<a href="https://www.google.com/search?q=rap+clothes&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1329&amp;bih=748&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjg-cK6lq_MAhXlsIMKHYorCS4Q_AUIBygC">https://www.google.com/search?q=rap+clothes&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1329&amp;bih=748&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjg-cK6lq_MAhXlsIMKHYorCS4Q_AUIBygC</a></span></li></ul></li><li><span><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814a4b9bb3014a640f0d7d0035"></ri:user></ac:link> : To get chains from Home Depot - for folks to wear for each team member<br></span></li><li><span><ac:link><ri:user ri:userkey="ff8080814a4b9bb3014a640f0d7d0035"></ri:user></ac:link>&nbsp;: Create tin foil symbols - AO (Accountability+Ownership) - Hang the O thru the A</span></li><li><span>Cheering in background: &quot;Aaaaa&quot; ... &quot;Ooooo&quot; (for&nbsp;Accountability+Ownership)</span><br><span><br></span></li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Scenario: All available TMs present.&nbsp;Envision both teams in a line, and each team members reads their lines, about the things we learned. This would be sequential, passing the mic-Cube along, and would be completed in ~5min. Amie and Bassam will be beat-boxing in the background, while team members testify and &quot;spit mad lines about what we learned about A+O&quot;&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>