<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><ul><li>This space is dedicated to Andy Mytys' Feedback and starting point for an action plan.</li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Areas For Focused Improvement: Summary</h2><p>Targeted areas for improvements:</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><strong>Approachability, including</strong><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><strong>Open to the ideas and thoughts of others</strong></li><li><strong>Being humble</strong></li></ul></li><li><strong>Communication, including</strong></li><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><strong>Full attention</strong></li><li><strong>Eye contact</strong></li><li><strong>Active listening</strong></li><li><strong>Written communication - More GUMP</strong></li><li><strong>Connecting with people</strong><br></li></ul></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Feedback Results</h2><p>Identified items are either: &quot;Not so hot&quot; or &quot;Needs Work&quot; - Future items will be investigated for &quot;Okay&quot; as well.</p><ul><li>Stay cool under pressure</li></ul><table><tbody><tr><th class="numberingColumn">&nbsp;</th><th>&nbsp;</th><th>Interviewer1: VB</th><th><span>Interviewer2: NP</span></th><th><span>Interviewer3: KI</span></th><th colspan="1">Interviewer4: KB</th><th colspan="1">Overall / Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn">1</td><td><span>Composure</span></td><td>&nbsp;</td><td><ul><li>Stay cool under pressure</li></ul></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><p align="center">&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn">2</td><td><span>Approachability</span></td><td><ul><li><strong>Open to ideas and thoughts of others</strong></li><li><strong>Being humble</strong></li></ul></td><td><ul><li><strong>Open to the ideas and thoughts of others</strong></li><li><strong>Being humble</strong></li></ul>&nbsp;</td><td><ul><li><strong>Open to ideas and thoughts of others</strong></li></ul></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1">In my experience you have been approachable and I get along with you.&nbsp; In my observations, you prefer to work with a select group of people that you know understand the business.&nbsp; If I relate this just to how we have worked in the past, I do think you are excellent at all of the above.&nbsp; Way back in the day, I have heard that you can be a little too hard on some people, but to me, I think that is just you being real and being real is more important to get right to the meat of the problem.<br><br>Andy &ndash; You are great at being available and approachable. I would like you make additional effort by not only be available at your time, but when team members are reaching out to you. For example, if someone comes to see you and you might be in something too deep&hellip;I would like you to make the person who approaches you feel always welcomed and valued.</td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn" colspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1"><span>Communication</span></td><td colspan="1"><ul><li>Giving people full attention</li><li><strong>Eye contact</strong></li><li><strong>Active listening</strong><br></li></ul></td><td colspan="1"><ul><li><strong>Eye contact</strong></li><li><strong>&quot;Simplicity is Genius&quot;</strong></li><li>Connect with people</li><li>Physiology aligned with message<br></li></ul></td><td colspan="1"><ul><li><strong>Active listening</strong></li><li>Written communication skills</li></ul></td><td colspan="1"><ul><li><strong>&quot;Simplicity is Genius&quot;</strong></li><li>Communicate&nbsp;clearly&nbsp;</li></ul></td><td colspan="1">Your brain processes information quickly and Active listening can be difficult when you are already on the next step in the process.&nbsp; I can&rsquo;t stress enough&nbsp; I love that about you b/c we maximize our time fixing the problem and not discussing the problem.&nbsp; <br>That being said, seek to understand where the other people are coming from and listen to what they are saying.&nbsp; It is hard to do.&nbsp; You have to omit ALL distractions to do this.<br><br>You communicate very well and are able to explain your thoughts in a Gump manner. One aspect that I believe that you can improve upon is that it is isn&rsquo;t always enough what we are saying is right. But also, in what manner we say it in and also how it makes someone feels.<br><br>It may help to be more &lsquo;present&rsquo; in meetings. Often times, you are on your phone. You may be on Good, but it can look like you&rsquo;re not paying attention. Other than that, you&rsquo;re usually pretty present in meetings, especially in design meetings. <br><br>Gump your message more.&nbsp; You have a high level of understanding and sometimes talk using words others don't follow.&nbsp; You are amazing with approachability&nbsp;and being open to explain or talk and really try&nbsp;to build relationships.&nbsp; Thank you!&nbsp;</td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn" colspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1"><span>Confidence</span></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;</p></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1">You are very confident. I really appreciate that about you. I recommend that you take that confident and channel that into having team members being confident with you, but not be intimidate by your confidence.</td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn" colspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1"><span>Presence</span></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><ul><li><strong>Dress and groom myself</strong></li><li><strong>Positive Energy</strong></li></ul></td><td colspan="1"><ul><li><strong>Dress and groom myself</strong></li><li><strong>Positive Energy</strong></li></ul></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1">You can focus on your attire by mixing it up with how you dress. There is a component of visual leadership. Your visual presence along with knowledge is just as important.</td></tr></tbody></table></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>7 Steps to Evaluate Feedback:</h2><ol><li>Take time to fully understand the feedback<ol><li>Digest the information</li><li>Ask diagnostic follow-up questions (open-ended) for clarity</li></ol></li><li>Consider the source<br><ol><li>Is this person qualified / have all of the information needed to provide meaningful feedback?</li><li>Consider the nature of the relationship with this person</li></ol></li><li>Consider the context<ol><li>Does this person have enough information in order to understand the situation that they are providing feedback upon</li></ol></li><li>Understand the impact to you of incorporating/NOT incorporating the feedback to be remedied</li><li>Think again: Let it sink in and think the feedback through<ol><li>Self-evaluate the feedback against your own perceptions of self</li><li>Make a conscious choice to be open to the validity / assessment of the feedback</li></ol></li><li>Make a choice to&nbsp;incorporate a change as a result of the feedback, or simply move on and do nothing about the feedback</li><li>Keep track of the feedback (mentally, journal, etc.)&nbsp;<ol><li>Look for patterns, and readjust if needed</li></ol></li></ol></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2><span>Patterns / Areas for Target Improvement:</span></h2><p><strong>Approachability:&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li>Open to ideas and thoughts of others</li><li>Being humble</li></ul><p><strong><span>Communication</span></strong></p><ul><li>Eye contact</li><li>Active listening</li><li>&quot;Simplicity is Genius&quot;&nbsp;</li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2><span>Opportunities for Growth / Action Plan</span></h2><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><span>Register for the Emotional Intelligence course (TechU)</span></li><li><span><span>Register </span>for the Communication Stars course (TechU)</span><br><span>&nbsp;</span></li><li><span><span>Meet with reviewers in person to gain clarity into feedback, asking diagnostic questions</span></span><br><span>&nbsp;</span></li><li><span><span><span>Be cognizant to gump / maintain SHORT emails as much as possible, and if needed, use a &quot;Summary&quot; section for simplicity/clarity.</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Limit technical emails to technical people and send high-level GUMP summary&nbsp;to wider audience</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Give people full attention when approached</span></span></span><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><span><span><span>Don't multitask on phone/PC</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Maintain eye contact</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Make sure all needs have been addressed prior to ending conversation</span></span></span></li></ul></li><li><span><span><span>Active Listening / Reflection</span></span></span><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><span><span><span>Measured communication - slow it down, and make sure others are following along before advancing discussion</span></span></span><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><span><span><span>Avoid <span><span><span>&quot;mental/logical jumps&quot; to the conclusion</span></span></span></span></span></span></li></ul></li><li><span><span><span>Ask more questions of team members, including their path to a solution, how they feel about my approach, open discussion of risks, etc.</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Overall, engage team members more in the problem definition/planning of solutions</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Pause for questions</span></span></span><span>&nbsp;</span></li><li><span><span><span>Seek acknowledgement of understanding</span></span></span></li></ul></li><li><span><span><span>Read: Emotional Intelligence 2.0</span></span></span><br><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>