<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>This space is dedicated to Bassam's Feedback and starting point for an action plan.</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Areas For Focused Improvement: Summary</h2><p>Targeted areas for improvements:</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><strong>Open to other ideas</strong></li><li><strong>good eye contact</strong></li><li><strong>proper physiology</strong></li><li><strong>better written communication skills</strong></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>Feedback Results</h2><p>Identified items are less than &quot;Your Rock&quot;.</p><table><tbody><tr><th class="numberingColumn">&nbsp;</th><th>&nbsp;</th><th>Interviewer1: EL</th><th><span>Interviewer2: ED</span></th><th><span>Interviewer3: MW</span></th><th colspan="1">Interviewer4: GP</th><th colspan="1">Overall / Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn">1</td><td><span>Composure</span></td><td>apparently, I Rock</td><td>apparently, I Rock</td><td><ul><li><span>create a sense of urgency without creating a sense of panic</span></li></ul></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><ul><li>Bassam is always calm, cool, and collected even in high-pressure situations. He is always able to make those around him see the light at the end of the tunnel on tough projects and reminds us that we will figure it out. He is able to instill a sense of urgency in those around him while maintaining a friendly demeanor. (EL)</li><li>You are a laid back guy that helps set your business partners at ease.&nbsp;(ED)</li><li><p align="center" style="text-align: left;">You are well composed especially under pressure. You appear to be calm and controlled. When you are not under pressure you tend to get bored and get side tracked. Your sweet spot is between controlled chaos and pressure this is when you perform at your very best. (MW)</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn">2</td><td><span>Approachability</span></td><td><ul><li>open to the ideas and thoughts of others</li></ul></td><td>apparently, I Rock</td><td><ul><li><span>accessible and present</span></li></ul></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><ul><li>Bassam was one of the first Team Members I worked with when arriving at Quicken Loans and he set the standard for approachability. He worked with me to make sure I understood the requirements and answered any question that came up &ndash; he never made me feel as though I was asking a dumb question. (EL)</li><li>N/A&nbsp; (ED)</li><li><p align="center" style="text-align: left;">You are very approachable, everyone knows you and everyone wants to go to you for assistance because you make them feel like their problem is the most important. (MW)</p>&nbsp;</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn" colspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1"><span>Communication</span></td><td colspan="1"><ul><li>have great eye contact</li><li>physiology is aligned with my message</li><li>written communication skills</li></ul></td><td colspan="1"><p>apparently, I Rock</p></td><td colspan="1"><ul><li><span>communicate clearly</span></li></ul><ul><li>written communication skills</li></ul></td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);font-family: Times New Roman;font-size: medium;">&nbsp;</span><ul><li>Whenever I work with Bassam on projects or even in hallway conversations I always feel as though I have his full and undivided attention. He communicates clearly and effectively in person, over the phone, and through email. (EL)</li><li style="text-align: left;margin-top: 0.0in;margin-right: 0.0in;margin-bottom: 8.0pt;">You deal with some very complex IT work that a lot of people have a hard time following.&nbsp; You do a good job at keeping it gump and using other forms of communicate to communicate with.&nbsp; For example, if it makes more sense to use a diagram you recognize that and use it. (ED)</li><li style="text-align: left;margin-top: 0.0in;margin-right: 0.0in;margin-bottom: 8.0pt;"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);font-family: Calibri;font-size: medium;">Bassam is a great verbal [in person] communicator. He is very engaged and makes eye contact as well as making the person feel that he is completely paying attention to their conversation. Bassam needs to continue to improve his written communications especially in email. It is easy to misunderstand tone in email and Bassam needs to ensure that all details are addressed. (MW)</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn" colspan="1"><ul><li>4</li></ul></td><td colspan="1"><p><span>Confidence</span></p></td><td colspan="1">apparently, I Rock</td><td colspan="1">apparently, I Rock</td><td colspan="1">apparently, I Rock</td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);font-family: Times New Roman;font-size: medium;">&nbsp;</span><ul><li>Bassam is the go-to guy for any questions about Identity and Access Management his confidence comes across in his vast knowledge of all things related to Team Member data. He is not afraid to express his opinions and always knows what next steps need to be taken to take the roast out of the oven. (EL)</li><li style="text-align: left;margin-top: 0.0in;margin-right: 0.0in;margin-bottom: 8.0pt;">When it comes to confidence you excel.&nbsp; Be watchful that your confidence does not get perceived as over- confidence or arrogance.&nbsp; Do this by staying humble and open to others ideas too.&nbsp; Words like &ldquo;One way we could do this is&hellip;&rdquo;&nbsp; or &ldquo;what do you think about &hellip;..&rdquo; (ED)</li><li style="text-align: left;margin-top: 0.0in;margin-right: 0.0in;margin-bottom: 8.0pt;">N/A (MW)<span style="font-family: Calibri;">&nbsp;</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="numberingColumn" colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><span>Presence</span></td><td colspan="1">apparently, I Rock</td><td colspan="1">apparently, I Rock</td><td colspan="1">apparently, I Rock</td><td colspan="1">&nbsp;</td><td colspan="1"><ul><li>Bassam always dresses and acts professionally. He brings a positive attitude to any project he works on and brings a contagious enthusiasm which makes working with him very fun.&nbsp;(EL)</li><li>N/A (ED)</li><li>N/A (MW)</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2>7 Steps to Evaluate Feedback:</h2><ol><li>Take time to fully understand the feedback<ol><li>Digest the information</li><li>Ask diagnostic follow-up questions (open-ended) for clarity</li></ol></li><li>Consider the source<br><ol><li>Is this person qualified / have all of the information needed to provide meaningful feedback?</li><li>Consider the nature of the relationship with this person</li></ol></li><li>Consider the context<ol><li>Does this person have enough information in order to understand the situation that they are providing feedback upon</li></ol></li><li>Understand the impact to you of incorporating/NOT incorporating the feedback to be remedied</li><li>Think again: Let it sink in and think the feedback through<ol><li>Self-evaluate the feedback against your own perceptions of self</li><li>Make a conscious choice to be open to the validity / assessment of the feedback</li></ol></li><li>Make a choice to&nbsp;incorporate a change as a result of the feedback, or simply move on and do nothing about the feedback</li><li>Keep track of the feedback (mentally, journal, etc.)&nbsp;<ol><li>Look for patterns, and readjust if needed</li></ol></li></ol></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2><span>Patterns / Areas for Target Improvement:</span></h2><p><strong>Approachability:&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li>Be more open to other ideas</li></ul><p><strong><span>Communication</span></strong></p><ul><li>Maintain good eye contact.</li><li>Make sure physiology is aligned with my message.</li><li>Make sure my written communication conveys my message.</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2><span>Opportunities for Growth / Action Plan</span></h2><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><span><span>Meet with reviewers in person to gain clarity into feedback, asking diagnostic questions</span></span><br><span>&nbsp;</span></li><li><span><span>Be cognizant to use the word &quot;we&quot; more instead of &quot;I&quot; / be more humble (confident as opposed to arrogant).</span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Be cognizant to gump / maintain SHORT emails as much as possible, and if needed, use a &quot;Summary&quot; section for simplicity/clarity - to not mix details with important take-aways: IN-PROGRESS</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Research additional communication techniques and practice them everyday: IN-PROGRESS</span></span></span><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li><span><span><span>Active Listening / Reflection</span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Simplicity / Pausing / Understanding</span></span></span></li></ul></li><li><span><span><span>Re-Read &quot;7 Habits of Highly Effective People&quot; book</span></span></span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></li><li><span><span><span>Read: Emotional Intelligence 2.0</span></span></span><span><span><span><br></span></span></span></li></ul></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>