<ac:layout><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><h2><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">Challenge &ndash;</span>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0,128,0);">Investing In Your Team</span></h2><h3>Investing in each other plays an integral role in forming a solid team. Your team&rsquo;s December challenge is:</h3><ul><li><h3><strong>Do a team activity together</strong></h3><ul><li><h3>A team activity could be sharing stories over coffee, meeting for lunch, doing a charity event, etc.</h3></li></ul></li></ul><ul><li><h3><strong>Submit 1 picture of your team doing the activity and a summary of what you did as a team and what each of you got out of it.</strong></h3></li></ul><h3>&nbsp;<strong>All submissions need to be sent to the CGL Development Challenge Team (<a class="external-link" href="mailto:cgldevelopmentchallenge@quickenloans.com" rel="nofollow"><u><span style="color: rgb(0,102,204);">cgldevelopmentchallenge@quickenloans.com</span></u></a>) by end of day Friday, January 15th.</strong></h3><h3>&nbsp;</h3><h3>&nbsp;<strong>Total points possible:&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);">15</span></strong></h3><p><strong><span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);"><br></span></strong></p><p><strong><u>PICTURES:</u></strong></p><p><ac:image><ri:attachment ri:filename="CGL_PRIMETIME_Punchbowl.jpeg"></ri:attachment></ac:image></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><ac:image ac:height="250"><ri:attachment ri:filename="CGL-PrimeTime-2.png"></ri:attachment></ac:image><ac:image ac:height="250"><ri:attachment ri:filename="CGL-PrimeTime-1.png"></ri:attachment></ac:image><ac:image ac:height="250"><ri:attachment ri:filename="CGL-PrimeTime-3.png"></ri:attachment></ac:image><ac:image ac:height="250"><ri:attachment ri:filename="CGL-PrimeTime-Chats.png"></ri:attachment></ac:image><ac:image ac:height="250"><ri:attachment ri:filename="image2016-1-13 11:46:32.png"></ri:attachment></ac:image><ac:image><ri:attachment ri:filename="image2016-1-13 11:47:11.png"></ri:attachment></ac:image></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><u><strong>What we &quot;got out of the experience&quot;:</strong></u></p><p>&nbsp;</p><table><tbody><tr><th>Nicole Heaney</th><td><ul><li>Welcomed our Mentor Scott,&nbsp; talked about his experience with CGL and Got Great feedback about how we can embrace and improve our experience</li><li>Bonded, engaged in conversations, connected and got to know each other more.</li><li>Built on team Spirit and Moral</li><li>Learned we had more social Game then Bowling GAME.&nbsp;&nbsp;The score board tells all :)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><th colspan="1">Peter Varga&nbsp;</th><td colspan="1"><ul><li>Learned that PBS has great burgers, chips, and a fun atmosphere</li><li>Connected more with our team in a more relaxed, non-goal oriented setting, which lead to better/more at-ease conversations about ourselves</li><li>Learned that PBS's bowling lanes are VERY thin/narrow</li><li>Received great advice/counseling from our team mentor Scott</li><li>Joined in a team building event in a fun way, and learned that we're all very humble/self-effacing about our prowess as &quot;bowlers&quot;</li><li>Had a great time experiencing (as a team) a premier showcase hot-spot of the Detroit culture/ambience - I love the city a little more every day, the more I experience.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><th colspan="1">Andy Mytys</th><td colspan="1"><ul><li>Continued building relationships with my CGL team</li><li>Met Scott Aberle (team mentor) and learned about some of his experiences with the CGL program</li><li>I've only been to Punch Bowl Social for food - bowling was a great experience and the servers were really accommodating&nbsp;</li><li>Learned about some other local haunts that fellow CGL team members like to eat/hang out at</li><li>Talked about other venues we could get together at in the future.&nbsp; Can't wait for our next get-together</li></ul></td></tr><tr><th colspan="1">Steve Delfuoco&nbsp;</th><td colspan="1">I rarely leave the building (or my desk) for lunch, so I was really looking forward to going out to lunch with the Prime Time team. We hadn't met as a team since before the holidays, so it was nice to catch up with the team and hear about their time off. The food was really good and Bassam treated us to some house made chips and dip as an appetizer. Also, it was nice to hear from Scott regarding his experiences with CGL and he offered some good advice that we all felt would benefit us going forward.</td></tr><tr><th colspan="1">Bassam Mouhanna</th><td colspan="1"><p>I was able to&nbsp; get out of the work environment which allowed me to connect more on a personal level with my team.&nbsp; In the office, we tend to focus more on the business and this opportunity allowed us to just kick back, relax, enjoy good food, and just mingle to get to know each other on a more personal level. Even our mentor (Scott Aberle) joined us for the fun.<br>It was a good time, with good friends, and good food.</p></td></tr></tbody></table></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section><ac:layout-section ac:type="single"><ac:layout-cell><ul><li><h2>Team Experience:</h2></li></ul><p>After our previous 100 question challenge we found out that each of us enjoys&nbsp;bowling. So&nbsp;we decided to go out as a team,&nbsp;get out of the work environment&nbsp;and BOWL.&nbsp; We met during lunch and went to Punch Bowl Social.&nbsp; We rented some shoes, ordered food, and had ourselves a great time.&nbsp; By getting out of the work environment we were able to let loose and engage in more social conversation, while eating some good food.&nbsp; It was also nice to meet in a more relaxed setting with our mentor, Scott, and gain valuable insights and advice from an awesome leader.</p><p>All in all, this was a fun and active experience, and we connected, bonded, and grew as a TEAM!</p><p>&nbsp;</p></ac:layout-cell></ac:layout-section></ac:layout>